{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 whatidid\
DUEpackage\
\
Tuesday, April 6, 2010\
\

\i\b Don't forget,  it's under SVN management.\

\i0\b0 \
I did a lot of work in  DUEassignDUEget,\
and made progress, but the whole thing is so ugly.\
And, assigning with indexing might not work at all.  \
(Actually, it does!!)\
\
I'm trying instead to use the construct\
  with(.DUEenvironment, \{  STUFF \})\
\
I've added this line to some of the files.\
Seems to work.  OK if you also have a ref to .DUEenvironment$\
\
To acquire a function arg from within the   with(.DUEenvironment, \{  STUFF \})\
clause,  use get(argname, env=parent.frame(3)).\
\
\
========\
\
Created the package DUE.  It builds and installs fine.\
Some callbacks not working yet.\
\
Need to assign verbose=T ! \
\
Error in the.means.pop[[thisPop]][index] <- as.numeric(tclvalue(muString)) : \
  more elements supplied than there are to replace.\
\
Somehow  DCinits.current is getting attached.  That's supposed to be long gone.\
\
\
===========\
\
Wednesday, December 28, 2011\
\
The package DUE loads,\
but DCstart fails because we need the object  .DUEenvironment\
(It shouldn't!!!)\
This can be found at\
   load( "/Users/Roger/COPIED FROM XP side/meihua wang/DoseUtilityExplorer/branches/DUEassignDUEget/DUEenvironment.rda")\
(Notice NO dot in the file name.  But . DUEenvironment WITH the dot is loaded.)\
\
Argg.  RStudio crashed without a trace.  We have to get away from X11.\
Alternatives?   See bookmarks under R/tcltk and alternatives\
They include\
	WubTk\

\fs30 	
\f1 gWidgetsWWW\

\f0\fs28 http://biostat.mc.vanderbilt.edu/rapache/ for R. This embeds an R\
process within the Apache web server. . This requires some configuration. The defaults work for a standard Ubuntu installation.  ==>  Hoo-boy!  Could be very messy,\
and where can I find an ubuntu apache site to serve from?   dreamhost? That's gnu linux. (uname -a)\
\
Friday, December 30, 2011\
Last 2 days put time into this.\
3 bugs to fix:\
2 Callbacks for the contour graph -- no response to clicking, and no response to sliders.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Callback for the EU graph -- response to clicking a box on the bottom - the EU line always responds, as if horizontal position is not processed correctly.\
Callback for the EU graph -- no response to changes in the X mark.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\

\fs24 \
}